feat: key rotation in useradm with kid in JWT documented. (#2269)
mendersoftware/mender-docs: 07.Server-installation/01.Overview/02.Certificates-and-keys/docs.md

Please refer to the [Mutual TLS section](../../../08.Server-integration/03.Mutual-TLS-authentication/docs.md)
to find further details on the configuration of this feature.

### User Administration Service

> The Mender User Administration Service (`useradm`) holds the central place in the user authorization and authentication.
> As such plays a crucial role in the security aspect of Mender. At the same time at the heart of the service
> JWT signing and verification mechanism there lies a single private key. If a malicious actor
> gets hold of it the troubles may unravel. It is a common security practice rotating the keys regularly.
> However, when this happens we have to be sure we are able to handle JWTs that are valid
> and in the wild. To this end we introduced a well-known concept of a key identification number
> (kid, id), which also allows the key rotation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Mender User Administration Service (`useradm`) is responsible for user authorization and authentication. It is at the heart of the service JWT signing and verification mechanism. It relies on a single private key. 

It is a standard security practice to rotate the keys regularly.
As the new key is introduced we must ensure the currently valid JWTs still keep on working until they expire. To achieve this, we introduced the key identification number (kid, id), which also allows the key rotation.
```

Attempted to simplify and run through grammarly.
Please check if it's correct still.

Author: will do. I am waiting for Fabio -- as he requested today.

#### JWT "kid" field

> Each token `useradm` issues carries a `kid` field in the header, which allows the service to determine
> the _key id_ that was used to sign the token (and which we have to use to verify the signature).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each JWT token `useradm` issues gets mapped to a `kid_id` (key ID) field in the service database. The service also writes the _key id_ in the header of the JWT token. 

Once an external client uses the JWT token to authenticate, the `_key id_` allows the `useradm` service to determine the correct private key with which it signed the JWT token. This is the same private key the service now has to use to verify the signature of the JWT token.```

Tried to rewrite this so it has a narrative I could follow. Am not sure what is `kid` and what is `key_id`.
Please check for correctness before applying.

Please refer to the [Mutual TLS section](../../../08.Server-integration/03.Mutual-TLS-authentication/docs.md)
to find further details on the configuration of this feature.

### User Administration Service

The Mender User Administration Service (`useradm`) is responsible for user authorization

> and authentication. At the heart of the service's JWT signing and verification mechanism
> there lies a single private key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and authentication. At the heart of the service's JWT signing mechanism there lies a single private key.
```

From what I read in the rest of the chapter the concept can be summarized as "always sign with one, but be able to verify with many to support key rotation".
So saying that there is only one key verification can confuse.

Author: let me fix that

Author: fixed

If a malicious actor gets hold of it, the troubles may unravel. It is a standard security
practice to rotate the keys regularly. However, when this happens, we have to be sure

> we can handle JWTs that are valid and in the wild. To this end, we introduced
> a well-known concept of a key identification number (kid, id),
> which also allows the key rotation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
we can handle JWTs that are valid and in the wild. To this end, we introduced
a well-known concept of a key identification number (kid, id),
which also allows the key rotation.

This concept allows us to always have just a single active key for signing but at the same time allow verification by multiple keys that were the active signing key once in the past.
```

FWIW

Author: fixed and fixed.

Author: fixed
